[Applause]
tonight bachelor Colton tonight finally
revealed the true reason for his
virginity turns out his penis has
claustrophobia
they brought a doctor in who confirmed
it and everything never did I imagine I
would invest 10 weeks of my life to
watching a grown man lose his virginity
but it it's happening tonight Colton and
the remaining ladies went to Vietnam
five women were sent home from Vietnam
they were honorably discharged but one
of the women who got the boot was Demi
whose mother just got out of prison by
the way that was a hometown visit we
won't get and while Demi may be gone her
laugh will not soon be forgotten
yeah he loved it it wasn't like no he
loved my confidence it was great I don't
know right now if I can see myself with
you at the end I thought he would
propose to Cassie but after tonight I
think Colt may have his eye on Heather
instead any expectation of the day you
absolutely helped blow it out of the
water you know you are someone who can
definitely respect with you I know how
serious you are taking these steps
or you accept this for us that's he yes
tonight marks the season finale of my
bachelor spin-off show I've been working
to find a match for Danielle um you may
remember Daniel M from The Bachelor
bachelor of paradise those shows didn't
work out for her so I signed her up for
tinder and we embarked on a search for
her mr. swipe right this season on the
match allure Danielle M came to
Hollywood on a quest for love but on The
Bachelor she found nothing but
heartbreak she tried again on bachelor
in paradise and heartbreak struck again
and so this 33 year-old neonatal nurse
with a biological clock that's ticking
like Flavor Flav's neck reached out for
her last chance at love me Jimmy Kimmel
I am the match filler we met Dustin the
adventurer I'm very much like Steve
Irwin Brian the dreamer we're kind of 5
songs right now really excited about
that and Caleb the outlaw you pay for
your own Netflix account of course they
mooch off someone else you know and now
the moment America has been waiting for
which of these three white dudes will
get a second date it's all happening
right about is it happening now now yes
[Applause]
[Music]
so we went through a lot of guys how
many guys do we go through well I mean
technically yeah I mean we had like six
dates a lot of guys we ruled a lot of
them out right there on the app we swipe
people we met people and now we decide
we've narrowed our men down to three and
they join us now on the wall of America
hello Caleb hello Dustin hello Brian
this is the moment of truth this is the
hard part of this journey how are you
feeling well I'm willin ervice a little
nervous well it's time for you to tell
us which of these men you would like to
spend the rest of your life with but
before we get to that oh okay a twist
Danielle you can pick one of the men in
the wall or a mystery man who is behind
this door now this is someone you're
familiar with but you do not know and he
is ready to date you if you pick him
we'll find out if he's ready to have
kids but you can only pick one let's
start with Caleb how are you feeling
Caleb I can't uh hi yeah I'm doing well
I'm uh 16 hours ahead of you guys in the
Philippines oh and are you in the
stairwell of a motel yeah pretty much
this is where I get the best reception
so Danielle I had to use this do we say
hello or goodbye to Caleb
yep I think you're really great but I'm
a guy Caleb
Dustin Dustin famous frat getting a
rattlesnake bite from which he's
recovering
that's how are you does thank you very
much I'm sorry yeah yeah I am getting a
lot easier now thank you
thank you how are you I'm great thanks
Danielle what do we do with Dustin
um I think Dustin's gonna keep
recovering Dustin I'm so sorry the other
hand and finally Brian Brian hi Brian
hello Danielle would you like to make a
life with Brian I'm really trying to
stay away from musicians or like a bad
habit
sorry Brian your talents have forsaken
you well back to tinder for all of you
thank you gentlemen I thought you were
all fine but this leaves us with our
mystery man would you like to go on a
date with our mystery men or would you
rather go home in tears mystery man is
[Applause]
he is a graphic designer living in Los
Angeles you know him from last season's
Bachelorette and the little birdie told
us maybe you might be interested in
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm over here how you doing wills yeah
there we go well so would you like to go
out on a date with wills yeah all
dressed both of you already we're gonna
send you right across the street for a
romantic evening at the Buffalo Wild
Wings next all right lovebirds get over
to the restaurant and we'll check back
in when the camera
[Applause]
[Music]
thanks to everyone who participated hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you want to see all
our latest videos click the subscribe
button and if you don't click anyway and
close your eyes when they come on